[GraphQL] Different security and serialization for item_query and collection_query (#863)
api-platform/docs: core/graphql.md

    // ...

    /**

>      * @Groups({"read", "write", "item-query","collection-query"})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @Groups({"read", "write", "item-query", "collection_query"})
```

     */
    public $name;

    /**

>      * @Groups({"read", "mutation","collection-query"})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @Groups({"read", "mutation", "collection_query"})
```

In this case, the REST endpoint will be able to get the two attributes of the book and to modify only its name.

> The GraphQL item endpoint will be able to query only the name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL endpoint will be able to query only the name of an item.
```

> The GraphQL item endpoint will be able to query the name and author of an item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL endpoint will be able to query the name and author of an item.
```

> The GraphQL collection endpoint will be able to query the name and author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will be able to query the name and author of the collection.
```
